---
layout: post
title: Ledger wallet
permalink: /ledger-wallet/
---
#Hardware wallet Ledger
If you are lacking the technical skills for using hardware wallets then Ledger will be of great assistance to you. It’s very simple and easy to use so Ledger will make your every day Bitcoin management and transactions enjoyable. To make things even better, hardware wallet Ledger is based on that old saying ,,Happiness comes in all shapes and sizes’’, so you can choose the one which suits your needs the best. Ledger will automatically delete itself if someone enters the wrong PIN three times, but you’ll be able to restore it using recovery seed.
#Which Ledger should be the Chosen One
There are different types of Ledger hardware wallets, each one bringing something new to the table but all having the same purpose – to store and keep safe your Bitcoins.
###1. Ledger Nano
Ledger Nano is very small and light weighted device which connects to your computer using only USB port. It’s a smartcard type of device which stores your Bitcoins offline with microchip protected by PIN code and secures your online transactions with anti-malware system. Every time you request a payment, ensuring the maximum security, you will be provided with a new address. One of many great features of Ledger Nano is easy management of your account using only Chrome application. It works on any device (PC, Mac, Linux) and you can even connect it with your mobile device. In case of theft, loss or even if destruction of your device, Ledger Nano has a recovery system which is easy to set up and your data will be quickly back with you on your new device.
###2. Ledger Nano S
Ledger Nano S comes with a built in OLED display which will help you to approve each transaction with just pressing a single button on the device. If you are already using other Ledger devices, you can easily import your data from them on your Ledger Nano S since it’s fully compatible with them. Ledger Nano S supports Bitcoin and Ethereum wallets and your information is guarded by a secure chip. That chip is secured with a 4-digit PIN, and it’s required that you enter the PIN each time you plug in the device. Recovery system is also embedded in the device. Ledger Nano S can be used with many different apps, such as FIDO U2F, SSH, GPG or you can even use apps that you’ve built yourself. It uses USB port to connect with other devices. You can simply sync and secure your accounts on Dropbox, Github, Dashlane and Gmail using FIDO® Universal Second Factor standard.
###3. Ledger Blue
Ledger Blue is a piece of advanced modern technology and represents one of the most progressive hardware wallets on the market. The device comes with a built-in touchscreen, big enough to help you manage your transactions with clear vision over them and to use its powerful operating system (BOLOS) with ease. Device can be connected to other devices using USB ports or via Bluetooth and it’s compatible with Windows, Linux, Mac OS and Chrome OS. Ledger Blue runs on battery so you can use it everywhere you need  it. The device itself supports various applications and you can manage them as you like using a quick-launch dashboard. To eliminate treats, such as viruses, malwares, man in the middle attacks etc. Ledger Blue uses What You See Is What You Sign (WYSIWYS) paradigm ensuring that your transactions are approved solely by yourself. Any data on the device is secured by 4-8 digit PIN and the device has a built in recovery system.
